[Music]
the nuances
that prepare the total chat to put
applause emojis or not
Well I hope so because we have with
us I do
n't believe you yes yes Hi Marina Hello beautiful
good night I
'm here again Hey Javi How was
the corner
How was the night Maika well well it's just
finished right now we
were talking about
Barbara Rey before
are you watching the series too Yes yes
Hey I liked it I didn't start watching it
from the beginning and it surprised me
for the better eh I don't know about you it's a
fantasy I just stopped because of course
Maica and I have spoken on the
phone sometimes And such But we've never
had like a one-on-one so I'm like
shocked Because also her followers
are always charming on
social networks I'm freaking out
Marina I've gone bald Carrillo and
dead Sánchez
but what a mother my mother my mother
well Mica delighted to have you here
again we already spoke this afternoon and
you know it's a pleasure to have you here
again and above all we
want to ask you about that bombshell that you
told us yesterday we want more
information on the subject  of the
officials Antonio David finally
appearing I don't know if you've seen the video I
made yesterday reacting to your strata
but when when the
news was talked about the other day about the solution to me it
came to me after having
recorded it came to me well and
Antonio David what's wrong with him no well to be
honest it didn't occur to me
Mariló passed it to me my moderator passed it to me
says Javi has mentioned you in two videos
and I had pending to see them and you know
that I always share them on Twitter and
ask for the subscription So I have it
pending and I'm going to do it in fact of
course I thought the same as you because
the question was they are private and
intimate data of Rocío Carrasco but they
are also from Antonio David and if you push me they
are also from the children because within
that file there was also
documentation that affected the privacy
of the children so the court what has
done is that it offered Rocío
Carrasco the possibility of filing a complaint, that is to say, to
appear as a complainant and
she did not want to but they jumped over
Antonio David so Ivan what he has
done is that he has gone to the
provincial court of Valencia  be a person and of
course he has asked for a copy of the proceedings and
what he is going to ask for is a nullity of the
proceedings because Antonio Abile
also has to offer the appearance And the thing is that there are
more trials because there are seven
officials they have judged only two
at the moment or in other words
because if there are seven they have judged two
and then the other five at another time
because the connections were made from
different towns in Valencia then
Each town has its own Jurisdiction
for example those of Alcira, those of Alcira, those
of Catarroja, those of Cata Roja but there have
been four or five towns
in Valencia So everything is going to be held
In different trials And
procedurally is it possible that after
an acquittal another
person comes and asks for the cancellation or would it be
like a second opinion from the provincial court
no because as his
fundamental rights have been violated Antonio David which
would be his right as a victim the right
to effective judicial protection you
can ask for the nullity of proceedings it
is like the juries when they say they have
annulled a verdict of a Jury But
why do they annul them because
fundamental rights are violated the
same thing happens  If you deny the
victim a right, the victim can
retroactively file the proceedings and it does
n't violate anything, do you understand? Because the
victim can appear in person and the victim,
in this case, would be Antonio David?
Can you put forward new
arguments that can convince the
court that these
officials are guilty? Let's see, I was worried.
No, no, I have a doubt based on my
ignorance because in this matter,
both of you are trampling on me, which I'm
glad about? And I recognize it, but, you know,
how is it possible because I
recently read that these two officials had been
acquitted? No, of course, because of
course, because the court says it
is a crime of discovery and
disclosure of secrets. This is the same as
Operation Luz, so what are they
asking for? Operation Luz? That the
victims report, if they don't report,
the crime puts as a condition for being able to
condemn that the victim reports.
So of course, the court says: We
offered this lady to
report that she would appear as a
complainant, since she has not wanted to
file any complaint, if there is no
complaint from the victim, we
cannot condemn for this.  crime But
how is it possible pardon and forgive Sorry
that I leave the case is simply an
aside how is it possible that to make
a comparison that also told it on
the Javi Channel that at the time I
had a medical report of Belén Esteban
that I also left it with her and it gives me
Exactly the same evidently I never
made it public but well you certain
information x such how is it possible that the
person who leaked it to me, that
person was fired if there was no
complaint from Belén Esteban
that she was fired Yes I have
the similarity because I do not understand I mean I do
not understand but of course because when
this type of events happen,
apart from the investigation, the court
opens an internal investigation within
the Administration Then
a file is opened for the official it
can be concluded that he is fired and
maybe then the criminal justice does
nothing Of course internally
Maika Sure sure also sure
that time has already passed at the time that it was
discovered
parallel to the judicial issue what is
the job yes they have
lost it I
tell you a disciplinary file was opened
for these officials Okay
then as this depends on the
Valencia administration they what
the instructor concluded is that he should not
proceed to sanction them because they say that
well they had claimed that it was
to advise others and or rather but let's
say that they also depend on the
ministry I don't know if I'm explaining myself And why
the administration and why Rocío
Carrasco I'm learning about her modus
operandi has not decided to report on
this occasion because it is clear that it
belongs to a strategy no because
she is not stupid either Why of course there
is well this this instructor also
appeared as a witness in this trial
to testify in favor of the officials
So everything has to be told eh
or rather There they were doing favors and
then apart from that Rocío Carrasco is not
understood Because if she says that Antonio
David Flores paid for people's
burials so that the for that the that
Antonio David So that they would take
photographs that well that they lived a
constant psychosis I made her in a court
from different towns have
strategically accessed her file and that does
not bother her So it's because she already
knows 100%
Who they are because they have accessed  I mean, and
everything, if not, that's just that it gives off an impressive stench.
And you have some theory, what I
think is that
man, the theory, the theory of the
snoopers doesn't convince me because snooping wouldn't it
be all strategically in towns
in Valencia, the same day, it would be one in
Córdoba, another in Valencia, another one for real,
but strategically in different
towns in Valencia. It seems to me that that
stinks a lot and what I think is that it
was a way of getting information out, but
this is my theory, eh, because in
theory, of course, getting information out,
well, I don't know, maybe for people who
later appeared on
television to talk about these issues. Well, the fact is
that they had the whole file
on them, that leak is for
leaks to journalists, in the end, well, there were
no journalists there, there were
people who depended on the government,
also people who indirectly receive payment
from the Administration,
between 300,000 chiringuitos,
of course, then, of course. So it is understood that
the instructor asks you for the solution and he
presents himself as a witness, the provincial court, it
is a delicate thing, I mean,
normally we have to see who is going to go
to jail because you know that many
times maybe the  The public prosecutor's office
asks for a high price, then it ends up as a
fine, suspension of employment and maybe
a criminal record that expires after
two years, but
man, so much so that the instructor is
going to testify in favor of it and you don't
even lose your job, it seems curious to say
the least, nocaica. Of course, because we are going to
say outside the case of a victim of
gender violence, imagine not that it
creates jurisprudence that she wins a
super important case. I can
understand that an official tells me that
people have called me with the same
case and to inform them I had to
open this file, I don't understand,
but a case like Rocío Carrasco, everything is
lost, that gender violence
is not even admitted in the courts, they
have pulled it directly out of their
sleeve,
everything, everything was It was a joke, you as a
victim, you are going to call there to get
advice, here you lose
completely.
I have been a witness. Well, I have been a witness, I have been
able to access certain people who
are the ones who carry that out and that's good that we
already know that two years later the
reopening of the case still has no
place, it is not here and it is not expected, I think.
So, I think it was more like  A
television show because nanay then man
with the Witnesses and the evidence that
I was going to provide from ignorance
Maika I don't know if it's going to go very far the
truth is
the issue of the Witnesses you mean
the Witnesses these nines Clear clear
on TV is that you are left without hair or
rather there are two little things I can't
miss Maika two little things cannot be
overlooked one that is more advanced a
little bit to what I wanted to ask you
before
not only would there be both the two
parties in the process the possible victims
and as the children have also mentioned
not that they are testimonials within the
process and there are reports about their health
reports about their private data about
their condition and even more testimonials
such as for example it could be Fidel or
part of the family who has had something
to do with the case or there is a report Olga
Moreno couldn't be possible victims
of the violation as well man yes in
the file with Olga Moreno's data
yes Fidel has not wanted to know
much either but I have been
investigating how the Biogen system works
and they have told me that effectively I
mean no no it only appears  Rocío
Carrasco but also, so if you
search for Antonio David Flores and for the
ID of Antonio David Flores you also
access the same documentation, which means they
should have called him
as a victim And why do you think they
launched that? What logic, I mean, I don't know if you
've seen maybe another case. Hey, it
's not that they call the person who
is the complainant, not the other one, I don't know, there are
any, let's see, many times in the
courts what happens is that since there are
matters and everything is so crowded, I don't know, not
with detail, they don't realize
things. If someone doesn't warn them. That's
why there are lawyers working, you
understand. So I think that in this
case they
closed themselves off in that of course Rocío
Carrasco was the victim because she was the
supposed victim of gender violence
and ironically, Morón, and they didn't fall into the issue
of Antonio David, but the
issue is there and it's like the issue of the
children
because, for example, if there is
personal data of Olga Moreno, it's clear
that these people, the other question that I
wanted to ask you is precisely that another
argument apart from that  Rocio Carrasco
had not reported it, they also made
some allusion to the fact that she is a
super media personality, that all this has been
exposed, that everyone knows where they
live, so the same thing could not happen to Antonio
David, no, I mean, the sentence
goes further, the sentence is
saying that this lady does some
aberrant shows on television showing all
the documentation without covering
personal data with the ID with everything, but
of course they talked about her because she was the one who
appeared in that file as a
victim, but in the case of Antonio Avis
Flores, no, because he has not participated in
it, in the documentary and when he did
the interview with you Javi and showed the
filing cabinets that you know that the fuchsias
laughed at what he had done, he was
careful not to show anything. I say one
thing. Sorry, sorry, sorry to
interrupt you, Maika, about those filing cabinets
that people later criticize me a lot on social
networks, in one of the times that I
met with Antonio David there in his
office, I swear I have seen those filing cabinets
and I am not. I mean, I do not have
the knowledge that you have
about  that but I'm not stupid and I know how to read and I
know perfectly well what I've read, I've
seen hundreds, I mean, documentation that he has
saved on that subject that
people say there's nothing, there's nothing, there's
nothing. Yes there is, I mean yes Antonio
David has it, yes he has documentation
as a lawyer, there is a party that files the complaint, there is
another party that is the accused and there is
another party that is the Public
Prosecutor's Office. Is there any document, any
documentation that any of the
parties has and the other two don't have it? No no no no no
no the documentation that is
presented is held by everyone. I mean, there is
n't a single folio if Rocío
Carrasco and Carlota Corredera had 1,500
folios here on the table, let them be like that and he
says, look, look, all
three parties have those same folios. Of course they
all have them, therefore, if
that filing cabinet had been empty,
well, if they weren't there, the filing cabinets would
be in the drawer, but Antonio Vi has the same folios
that Rocío Carrasco has,
and based on the folio, her
lawyer has them, of course, what happens is that
[Music]